# MyPuskesmas Dashboard

## Introduction

Welcome to the MyPuskesmas Dashboard project! MyPuskesmas Dashboard is a web-based application designed for visualizing and monitoring data related to healthcare facilities, specifically focusing on patient distribution, doctor information, hospital revenue, and doctor availability within a healthcare institution. This application provides real-time insights to streamline hospital management and ensure efficient operations.

## Features

MyPuskesmas Dashboard offers a range of features to support healthcare institutions in making informed decisions and optimizing their services:

- **Patient Distribution Visualization**: Visualize the distribution of patients across different departments and areas within the hospital. Gain insights into the patient flow and occupancy rates.

- **Doctor Information**: Access comprehensive details about the doctors working in the hospital, including their specialties, schedules, and contact information.

- **Hospital Revenue Tracking**: Monitor the revenue generated by the hospital, track expenses, and analyze financial data to ensure the financial health of the institution.

- **Doctor Availability**: Keep track of doctor availability in real-time, ensuring that patients can easily find and schedule appointments with the right healthcare professionals.

## Getting Started

Follow these steps to set up the MyPuskesmas Dashboard project on your local machine:

### Prerequisites

Before you begin, ensure you have the following software and tools installed on your system:

- Git
- Web server (e.g., Apache, Nginx)
- MySQL or another database system
- Node.js
- Composer (for PHP projects)

### Installation

Activate Apache and MySQL Server

Clone the MyPuskesmas repository to your local machine using Git:

```
https://github.com/othmanlutfii/mypuskesmasdashboard.git
```

Install PHP dependencies using Composer:

```
composer install
```

 run the Laravel development server:


```
php artisan serve
```
